==Welcome!

An example website built using Rails 3.2.3 and Ruby 1.9.3 with among others the devise, twitter-bootstrap and facebox gems.

Since this is my own work for my own education, it's not under any non-disclosure agreements so I can share freely and don't need to be vague or hide specifics.

There are already several starter/example Rails 3 projects out there but perhaps I've put some pieces together that will save someone else some time. 

This allows me to pay-it-forward and contribute to the open source development community with a hearty thanks to all of you that take the time to create tutorials, push to Github and answer questions on Stack Overflow.

A live version of this project is running at http://registermy.info

====Features

====Installation

Included in the project repo are placeholder <tt>config/database.yml</tt> and <tt>config/private.yml</tt> files. For the project to run, you'll need to update these files with your own local settings.

These two files are listed in <tt>.gitignore</tt> so your local changes will not be overwritten with subsequent updates. The file <tt>config/private.yml.todo</tt> contains any additions or changes to <tt>config/private.yml</tt> that will need to be updated locally.

Please read the comments in <tt>config/deploy.rb</tt> for how these two locally maintained files are treated with a Capistrano deployment.

====Tests

====Known Issues

Things that still need taking care of:

- The facebox class .close is clashing with another .close class definition, probably bootstrap? Creates a problem with the close option on alert messages displayed inside a facebox modal. Currently, the option has been removed but this needs to be sorted and restored.
 
- There is a potential memory leak with bootstrap when working in the Rails development environment. I can't reproduce it at will but it happened twice when I was editing bootstrap assets and doing iterative testing by just refreshing the browser and not restarting the app each time.
 
- Background flicker with some of the facebox modal window opens (inconsistent).

- Action mailer settings are duplicated in development.rb and environment.rb - find somewhere to set them only once.

- Need to make better usage of bootstrap's fluid container. Also, need to limit bootstrap includes to what's actually used.

- The current tests are minimal and not behaviour driven. Need to implement a framework for creating real integration testing of the user experience. Some combination of Rspec, Caybara and Selenium?

- Only tested in latest version of Chrome and Firefox.

- Need a lot more documentation and tutorials.

====Comments

Please note:

- Since I didn't use all of the devise features, you'll want to compare the original devise and the overriding inherited controllers for what's missing.
 
- Assumes user has Javascript and cookies enabled.

====Author

Joan Hughes (ZoeOberon Solutions)

http://www.linkedin.com/in/jehughes

Need an off-site freelance Rails coder?

====License
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2012 Joan Hughes (ZoeOberon Solutions)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
